Temporarily out of danger
You need to leave a message to observe.
That's fine.
Thank you doctor
Mrs. Liu Ji was injured because of me
If necessary
I would like to stay and take care of him
It's not your turn to take care of my fiancé
Doctor Qin, he knows medicine
Can better take care of Lin Chuan
If you want to take care of Lin Chuan
Come back tomorrow morning.
Ok, it's all up to you.
Why are you so stupid?
We obviously just have a working relationship
You risked your life to save me
Xiaoyu, where are you now?
Are you all right?
I was so worried about you.
Gu Yiming, do you really love me?
Are you really my fiancé?
Xiaoyu, what's wrong with you?
Why don't you follow me?
What do you get?
Let's break the engagement
I don't think it's me now
It's still me.
Probably don't want to marry
Xiaoyue, what's wrong with you?
What did I tell you?
Don't believe him.
He lied to you.
I lied to you that Yichuan in my heart is actually a scum
He is going to get married in elementary school
I want to hang you
He just wanted to knock on his two boats